Knowledge Graphs - Data Structure, which stores information in nodes relationship between those nodes.

Nodes are data records 

Small Graphs contains single node with no relationships     person
                                                           "utkarsh"    


     person            knows since 2017             person
    "utkarsh" ------------------------------------->"Vikas"


    (person) means nodes

    (person), (person)

    (person)--[Knows]->(person)  text representation

    (person) is nodes and relationship is [knows] between 2 person as shown above.

    this relationships are also a data record

    we have person utkarsh and person vikas and relationship that person utkarsh knows the 

    person vikas and knows since 2017.

    Nodes are often called as vertices and relationship are often called as edge.

    Relationship is really a pair of nodes and then information about that pair.


    The nodes are "in" a relationship, which itself has properties.

    unlike an OO-perspective or even relational model, where the entity records would "know"

    about each other with different references or foreign keys.

    This has amazing implications for modelling and schema. Graph types are composable!

    suppose their is a person name utkarsh and he knows another person name vikas, what they have in common?

    suppose they have IIMK course in common



    
             person            knows since 2017             person
            "utkarsh" ------------------------------------->"Vikas"
                |                                              |
        Teaches |                                              |studies
                |                                              |  
                |                                              | 
                |-------------->IIMK course<-------------------|


Text representation:- 

        (person)-[Teaches]->(course)<-[studies]-(person)

Does this means utkarsh is a "teacher"? and vikas is a "student"?  ---> you can say, without adding those extra labels 

to the people themselves because utkarsh is teacher because he is teaching and vikas might be student because he studies.

without adding extra labels to the entity themselves, you can use relationship for further qualifying what that people are,

what their roles are in a graph.


    here in above diagram we have 3 nodes

    (person), (person), (IIMK course)




    Formally nodes have labels

    (person), (course), (person)

    labels are the ways of grouping multiple nodes together.

    so for everybody which is person will give person label to it and for everybody which is course will give course label.

    Data records also have values, those values are properties, they are key value properties that are stored inside of the node 

    so we know that the person utkarsh actually has a property called name with the value of property is utkarsh.

    also for person vikas there is name property and value of property is vikas.

    also for course, there is title property IIMK

    because the relationships are data records, there is a direction, a type and also properties. for relationships we can add extra information by adding, properties to them.



    What is knowledge Graph?

    A knowledge graph is a database that stores information in nodes and relationships.

    Both nodes and relationships can have properties, key-value pairs.

    Nodes can be given labels to group them together.

    Relationship always have a type and a direction.
